docs: Simplify the pull request template (#16869)
azerothcore/azerothcore-wotlk: pull_request_template.md

<!-- First of all, THANK YOU for your contribution. -->

## Changes Proposed:

> -  [ ] This pull request promotes changes to the core (units, players, creatures, game systems).
> -  [ ] This pull request promotes changes to scripts (bosses, spell scripts, creature scripts).
> -  [ ] This pull request promotes database changes.

Reviewer: it would be nice to clarify the difference between "core" and "scripts" as I see often a lot of confusion. Something like:

```suggestion
-  [ ] This pull request promotes changes to _SCRIPTS_  - any **C++** changes under `src/server/scripts` (e.g. bosses, spell scripts, creature scripts).
-  [ ] This pull request promotes changes to the _CORE_  - any **C++** changes which are NOT Scripts (e.g. scripts units, players, creatures, game systems).
-  [ ] This pull request promotes _DATABASE_ changes - any **SQL** changes.
```

> -  [ ] This pull request promotes database changes.

Reviewer 2: I do think this is pretty redundant as the labels applied to the PR when it is opened tell you this. But I also get the reasoning for this

Reviewer 2: But also, probably just redundant

Reviewer 2: So my vote would be to remove it

Author: I believe for the most part the proposed changes is redundant as that should be contained in the title/commits in a concise way but at the same time I feel like the goal here is to expand and have an option to expand if necessary

Reviewer 2: I agree with you partially. Because if you refactor something larger you might want to specify smaller things that were changed.

Anywho, these 3 points I do think serve no point as the labels show exactly this information.

If your pull request promotes complex changes that require a detailed explanation, please describe them in detail specifying what your solution is and what is it meant to address.

## Issues Addressed:
<!-- If your fix has a relating issue, link it below -->
- Closes 

## SOURCE:
<!-- If you can, include a source that can strengthen your claim -->
- [ ] The changes promoted by this pull request have been validated through live research (checked on live servers)
- [ ] The changes promoted by this pull request have been validated through sniffs (remember to share them with the opensource community!)

> - [ ] The changes promoted by this pull request come partially or entirelly from another project (cherry-pick). **Cherry-picks must be commited using the proper --author tag in order to be accepted, thus crediting the original authors, unless otherwise unable to be found**

Reviewer 3: Does not include any sort of 'hearsay' type sourcing, such as Wowhead, forum posts, etc. While obviously not optimal, these are *often* the source used for various changes and should be included. I would also personally appreciate asking for the commit hash or PR link as well for cherry-picks as it makes things easier if the change has to be evaluated down the road.

Grammar-wise,
L17 `opensource` -> `open-source`/`open source`
L18 `entirelly` -> `entirely`

Reviewer 3: > I'm not very fond of hearsay as a source but I guess we can find a way to word it in

If only we had the luxury to exclude it. 😛

> - [ ] The changes promoted by this pull request come from a partially or entirelly from another project (cherry-pick). **Cherry-picks must be commited using the proper --author tag in order to be accepted, thus crediting the original authors, unless otherwise unable to be found**

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] The changes promoted by this pull request come from a partially or entirelly from another project (cherry-pick). **Cherry-picks must be commited using the proper --author tag in order to be accepted, thus crediting the original authors, unless otherwise unable to be found**
- [ ] The changes proposed by this pull request come after checking knowledge databases (wowhead, for example)
```

## Tests Performed:
<!-- Does it build without errors? Did you test in-game? What did you test? On which OS did you test? Describe any other tests performed -->
- [ ] This pull request has been tested in-game by the author.

> - [ ] This pull request has been tested by the community.

Reviewer 2: Also redundant, as `waiting to be tested` would be removed if it was tested by the community

Author: Meant this if the code has been tested by someone else other than the author but lack of proper wording probablu

Reviewer 2: Ah so before the PR was opened

> - [ ] This pull request has been tested by the community.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] This pull request has been tested in a production environment or independent test server before (e.g Chromiecraft).
```

Reviewer 2: `Has been tested by someone else other than the author`?

also `independent test server` and giving CC as an example I don't think work. Several times when someone has asked to put a larger refactor or similar on CC to test the answer usually is no.

Author: Okay, it was just an example, but we can remove the example 🤣 
We can apply PRs to the CC PTR on request, surely not *any* and every PR as that would be overwhelming but on a per case analysis we can do

Reviewer 2: I just remember one of Winifis refactors being turned down, that had to be tested on larger scale before it could be merged 😅

> - [ ] This pull request has requires further testing and may have edge cases to be tested.

Reviewer 2: L#24 & L#32 basically the same

Author: Wanted an option for sensitive prs/prs that may break stuff and may require careful testing and following the reproduction steps in the issue may not be enough, but I probably worded poorly

Reviewer 2: I get that, but I think you can remove it form L#32 and just keep it on L#24

Reviewer 3: > Wanted an option for sensitive prs/prs that may break stuff and may require careful testing and following the reproduction steps in the issue may not be enough, but I probably worded poorly

I know that this does happen with some PRs, but I guarantee to you not every contributor that fills out this template will know or even have an idea if more thorough testing will be required.

## How to Test the Changes:
<!-- Describe in a detailed step-by-step order how to test the changes -->

- [ ] This pull request can be tested by following the reproduction steps provided in the linked issue

> - [ ] This pull request requires further testing. Provide steps to test your changes.

Reviewer 2: This too, same as above

> - [ ] This pull request requires further testing. Provide steps to test your changes.
> - [ ] This pull request may contain edge cases that need to be tested. Provide steps to test your changes and needs to be verified in order to prevent regressions or other issues.

Author: ```suggestion
- [ ] This pull request may contain edge cases that need to be carefully tested or the reproduction steps provided in the issue are not detailed enough. Provide steps to test your changes and what needs to be verified in order to prevent regressions or other issues.
```

<!-- First of all, THANK YOU for your contribution. -->

## Changes Proposed:
This PR proposes changes to:
-  [ ] The core (units, players, creatures, game systems).
-  [ ] To scripts (bosses, spell scripts, creature scripts).

> -  [ ] To the database (SAI, creatures, etc).

Reviewer 3: Would make more grammatical sense as the following for example:
```
The core
Scripts
The database
```
Otherwise a full sentence would be "this PR proposes changes to to scripts".

## Changes Proposed:
This PR proposes changes to:
-  [ ] Core (units, players, creatures, game systems).
-  [ ] Scripts (bosses, spell scripts, creature scripts).

> -  [ ] Database (SAI, creatures, etc).

Reviewer 3: Perhaps a bit ambiguous for creatures to be listed as an example for both the core and database for new users.

## SOURCE:
<!-- If you can, include a source that can strengthen your claim -->

> The changes have been validated through

Reviewer 3: Might want a colon here for consistency with other fields.

> - [ ] Live research (checked on live servers)

Reviewer 3: May want to point out a few examples. Retail, Classic, Season of Mastery, etc.
